---
layout: post
title: Goals
---

Following up on the previous blog post, I'd like to expand on my goals as a 
developer. I'd be hard pressed to delineate any concrete goals with the limited 
experience that I have in developing. The issue is that as I begin my journey
as a developer, I have not had enough of the kind of exposure to progrmaming 
standards to know where to set the bar. Having prefaced with that, however, I 
would like to at least develop a vague picture of what kind of developer I 
eventually would like to become.

### Being neat ###
Is completely contrary to my personality and not something that I've made a habit
of being. However, having read and written at least a little bit of code, I 
realize that this is a completely necessary habit to develop and polish. As I
progress in both my abilities and my knowledge of coding with various languages,
I need to also absorb the rules that aren't necessary but are important, such as 
having appropriate tabbing in my code.

### Being consistent ###
In a similar vein as being neat, being consistent is a trait which I feel is 
pertinent to coding. I'd like the styling of my code to be the same for every 
piece of code I write.

### Efficiency ###
I'd like to get to a point where I could do a lot with relatively little code.
This means honing my skills in innovating code so that it is dense, but not so
dense that it becomes difficult to read.

These are some of the tenets that I'd like to code by, and although it isn't 
obvious to me yet precisely what is considered neat and efficient code, these 
are things I will look out for as I go about programming.