---
layout: post
title: What I've learned in programming
---

so far, is nothing. I speak in hyperboles like, all the time. This is a case,
however, where it doesn't quite seem like an exaggeration. In what is very much 
a "no shit" moment, I'd like to point out that there is an impossible amount of 
information in the computer programming world. 

Here are some of my favorite things so far:

[This](https://tympanus.net/Development/TextInputEffects/index.html) is a site 
my bloc mentor turned me onto. This particular one I found to be inordinately 
pleasing. Not only is it something that I find to be nice to look at, it's also 
very interesting to me because I didn't know animated effects could be used in 
this way. It's done very nicely and I wish the websites I frequent most often 
would use these effects too. 

There are tools which I have used heavily when I need to test some piece of 
code. The first one that I had learned about and the one I use most frequently
is the repl.it resource. Testing javascript code using this website is 
extremely useful since I do not have the means of running and testing javascript 
code on my local machine. There also aren't an abundance of extra features on 
this site. That's great because I find that since I rarely use any extra features
for any websites, omitting them frees up a lot of space and clutter on the app 
display. 

The console.log() in javascript is something that I have learned is very useful
while developing any application. It may sound like too much of an elementary 
thing, but the console.log() tool is great for testing the behaviour of my code
so that I may debug it more easily.

These are some of the resources I've learned about so far. Having seen many 
documentations, tools, and resources so far, the prospect of finding out about 
new resources seem like an exciting and inevitable prospect and I am looking 
forward to finding out about them.



